>>OK, here we go, more school.
We were working with the
Fibonacci sequence before.
Well, just as there are two
primary shapes-- the cube
and the sphere-- there are two
primary mathematical sequences
that are primary to life,
that move all throughout life.
One of them we saw
with the Fibonacci.
And you saw how it was
all in the bone structures
and the shape of things and
stuff all over the place.
But there's another one.
There's another one's
just as important.
It's just as important
as mommy is to daddy.
Because the Fibonacci
one is female.
It's the female cycle.
But there's a male one that's
also equally as important.
And it's called the
Binary Sequence.
The Binary Sequence, instead
of adding the last number
to the last number, it's
doubling the last number.
So if you had 3-- well, it
starts out 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32,
64, just like the
mitosis of cell
division that we
were talking about.
That's the binary sequence.
But it's really
all over the place.
And so I want to look
at it for a moment.
This is it here.
And so it goes like this-- 1,
2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, et cetera.
Now, in terms of mitosis,
or cell division,
at the end of 10 divisions
you have 512 cells.
And that happens to
be what the apple is.
When we see the
apple, that's how many
cells are in the apple,
from everything that I've
learned about it anyway.
Now, there's two
facts that we know.
One of them is that there
are approximately 10
to the 14 cells in the
average human body.
And I got one too
many 0's on here.
But it's hundreds, thousands,
millions, billions, trillions.
There's about 100 trillion
cells in the average human body.
And if you talk to one doctor,
he'll tell you a little more.
And if you talk to another one,
they'll tell you a little less.
But there's a lot of
cells in the human body.
And another little fact-- and
there's lots of these facts.
But this is another one-- every
second of your life, 2 and 1/2
million red blood cells die
and have to be replaced.
Every second.
I mean, that's a lot of red
blood cells, 2 and 1/2 million.
It would take about
three months just
to count to 2 and a 1/3
million, day and night.
So I mean, it's a lot.
And yet, the only way
that both of those things
can be satisfied--
in other words,
the way the body can be
created and then maintained
is only through mitosis,
which is cell division.
And so at the end of 10 of
these, you've got 512 cells.
And you just look at this and
you think, well, boy it better
start going fast.
Because we got a lot
of work to do here.
And it just doesn't seem
possible at this point.
But the thing about the binary
sequence-- and those of you
who have studied
mathematics realize--
it has an almost
magical quality,
that it has ab almost
impossible quality about it.
At 512 cells, when it goes
to the 11th mitosis division,
it's at 1,024.
Well, by the end of 10 more,
it's at over a half million.
They went from 512 to a
half million from 10 to 20.
And when it goes for
10 more cell divisions,
it goes up to 530
million at the end of 30.
And according to Anna C.
Pai and Helen Marcus-Roberts
in their book, Genetics and
its complications-- "Genetics,
Its Concepts & Implications"--
[LAUGHTER]
--Freudian slips.
It takes it exactly and only
46 mitotic cell divisions
to create an adult.
46 times, that's
a really interesting number.
Because that's the number
of chromosomes we have.
And it's also 1/2 the
number of stable elements
that we have in the environment.
And it's just amazing that
it could be done in 46 times.
It takes 9 months to do it.
But in 46 times, it
creates the whole process.
Actually, must be
more than nine months.
I don't know when they
figure there's an adult.
Us humans chose
the binary sequence
to create our computer
structures, which
is kind of wise in
a way, because it's
one of the living structures,
one of the living sequences.
And if we had not
chosen that one,
it would not have
been possible, really.
And I would like to just
very quickly tell you
how a computer works,
even though most of you
know how it works.
There's probably somebody here
who maybe don't know that.
And it's real simple.
It's just you got some
light switches in there.
Call them computer chips.
You can turn them
off or turn them on.
And say you have a
real simple computer.
You only have five
computer chips in it.
A few little places in there.
And so those chips are given
names of 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16.
So you've got five of them,
and that's their names.
That's their numerical value.
Well, by turning off or on any
sequence of those five chips,
you can come up with every
number between 1 and 16.
In other words, if you turn
on the first chip, that's
called 1, you get 1.
If you turn on the second chip
that's called 2, you get 2.
If you turn on both of
those chips, you get three.
OK?
If you on this one, you get 4.
That's the 1, 2, 3 and 4.
4 and 1 is 5.
4 and 2 is 6.
4, 2, and 1 is seven.
Then you have 8.
And 8 and 1 is 9.
8 and 1 is 9.
8 and 2 is 10, 8
and 2 and 1 is 11.
8 and 4 is 12.
8, 4, and 1 is 13.
8 and 4 and 2 is 14.
And 8 and 4 and 2 and 1 is 15.
And then you have 16.
So you can get every
number in between there.
If you add one more computer
chip and you call it 32,
then you can get every
number between 1 and 32.
If you had one more computer
chip, and you call it 64,
you can get every
number between 1 and 64.
If you have a computer
that has 46 chips in it,
you can get every number
between 1 and 100 trillion,
which is 46 [INAUDIBLE].
I begin to see this
binary sequence in life
over and over and over again.
It just keeps repeating.
And not just in the mitosis,
but it's all over the place,
in all kinds of ways.
And at one point, I realized
that we had mommy and daddy
sequences here.
And so I suspected
since there is always
a geometrical nature
behind numbers--
I'll just throw something
out here, by the way.
Most scientists believe
that numbers or mathematics
is the hidden language
behind your science.
I don't agree with that.
I say that geometry
is the hidden shape
underneath all numbers, that
generates the numbers that
is behind the science.
And so for me, when I
see all these numbers,
I realize there's got to be a
shape underneath it that has
generated the two sequences.
Or maybe one shape that
generated one and one
shape that generated the other.
But because they appear to
be mommy and daddy to me,
I highly intuited
that there must
be some kind of geometrical
form or shape or pattern
that tie the two together.
And I looked for years on it.
I thought about it for
years and years and years,
and never could find it.
And then one day I was going
through one of my son's
sixth grade mathematical books.
And I was just looking at
it, and checking up on things
and seeing how stuff works.
And as I was going through
there, I came across something.
And I really am sorry.
Whoever wrote this book, I
don't remember their name.
I would like to
give them credit.
But I don't know.
I don't have the book anymore.
But he did something in
there, that he actually
didn't know what he did.
He did something
really incredible
and was unconscious
that he had done it.
But the guy had taken a
particular geometrical form
and plotted a
logarithmic spiral on it.
And when he did,
he simultaneously
came up with both the two
sequences, the Fibonacci
and the Binary sequence.
And he didn't even
know he had done that.
He was talking about
something totally different.
But this is what happens.
This was the geometrical form
that he was working with.
It's called a Polar
Graph, which is
a two-dimensional representation
of a three-dimensional form,
a sphere.
It's how to plot from a sphere
onto a two-dimensional form.
It makes perfect sense, now
that I think about what it is.
It's one of the sacred
shapes, going from three
to two-dimensional levels.
And the other thing
is about this,
when I started
thinking about this,
I thought this was something
that maybe the Navy came up
with, or army or something.
It was relatively new.
And I'm beginning to find
out that the Polar Graph goes
all way back as far as Egypt.
That they had maps of the
earth going all the way back,
using a system similar to this.
And so this is old.
It's ancient.
So this is how we
usually see a Polar
Graph, which is there will
be a circle in the middle.
And whatever the radii
of that circle is,
that will become your yardstick.
And you call that 1.
And then you just come out
that far to the next circle,
and you keep coming
out that distance
to create all your circles.
And then there are 36
lines equally spaced,
which creates your 360 degrees.
Of course, even everything
in here is not arbitrary.
360 degrees isn't arbitrary
when you know the geometries.
There's all reasons
why it's all in there,
the more you get into this.
But anyway, this was the shape.
And what this man did was he
took this middle sphere in here
as though it was
a planet in space.
You could see it like that.
And from the surface
of the planet,
he plotted a logarithmic spiral.
As it turns out, a
logarithmic spiral
is the creator or
the key between both
of those other
two, the Fibonacci
and the binary sequence.
And so he plotted
one around here.
He started at 0 degrees.
And he plotted
this spiral around,
until it came around one time,
back to 0 degrees, like this.
He started here.
And he plotted this logarithmic
spiral around one time.
Now, he was only concerned where
the spiral crossed the degree
marks.
And the system that he
used to calculate this
was using the central circle
as your measuring stick of 1.
And say you wanted to
know where this point was,
he would come here.
And you'd go, that
would be 1, 2, 3,
4.5-- approximately-- radii.
You see how that is?
This one over here would be
1, 2.8 radii approximately.
But you could calculate
this pretty accurately.
Well, look at the mathematics.
This is from 0 to 360 degrees.
And at 0 degrees,
it's exactly 1.
Because it's starting right
on the surface of the planet.
And at 120 degrees, it keeps
going up, up and up and up.
But at 120 degrees, it
exactly crosses it at 2.
And then over here,
at 240 degrees,
it just perfectly
goes over at 4.
And then, at 360 degrees,
it returns exactly at 8.
That's 1, 2, 4, 8,
binary sequence.
At the same moment, it goes,
1, 2, and also at 190 degrees,
it crosses exactly at 3.
And 280 degrees, exactly at 5.
360 degrees, exactly at 8.
1, 2, 3, 5, 8--
Fibonacci sequence,
both unfolding from
this particular pattern.
And I went, wow!
And I have to admit a defect in
my personality here right now.
When I see things like this,
I will check one thing out.
And then I just know that
it's true for the rest of it.
So I go on.
And I've never
finished this work.
I've only looked at the
binary sequence of 1, 2, 4, 8.
And I've never
checked out what it
means in terms of the geometries
behind the Fibonacci sequence.
I'm not really interested.
But it could be very important
to somebody's work here.
I don't know, if you want to do
that, you go ahead and do it.
So I'm going to look only at
the binary sequence right now.
But here's what that
means geometrically.
Those points of 0,
120, 240, and 0,
form an equilateral
triangle around the center.
Geometrically, this
is binary sequence.
It's more than just an
equilateral triangle.
Because you are now literally
looking at a tetrahedron.
Because the lines are all there.
There's a line
coming to the center.
And you are looking at
two-dimensional view
of a tetrahedron-- so realize
that as we start to work here--
inscribed perfectly in a sphere.
However-- I'm going to change
this a little bit-- there's
another image in here.
And that image is an
equilateral triangle
with a line down the middle.
See this line here?
That's another image
that's in there.
Well, there was another man.
His name was Keith
Critchlow, who's
done a lot of real
incredible work.
You can check out his work too.
It's very mental.
But it's very good.
And Keith just happened--
and I don't know
how he ever figured it out.
It was just pure luck-- to
find out-- stumble upon,
I think would be the
best word-- that if you
had an equilateral triangle
with a line down the middle,
that an incredible unique
phenomena took place.
He did not realize it
was really a tetrahedron.
He found out that if you took
the line that was in the middle
and you measured-- this
is the flaw in his system.
You had to measure
with a measuring stick.
Anytime you have to use a ruler,
then you're not at the core.
Go deeper.
Because you should never
have to measure anything.
You should be able
to figure it all out
with nothing but a compass
and just a straight edge.
And all your measuring should
be automatically determined
by the lines.
Which I'll show you what
I mean in just a moment.
But anyway, he had to measure
from here to find the middle.
Once he found the middle,
you draw a line straight up
at 90 degrees and then bring
it down to this corner.
Where it crosses, you
make another one straight
up and down to this corner.
And you could keep
doing that, obviously.
And he discovers something, that
this line, this middle line,
the links of these lines that
are broken up inside of there
do something rather remarkable.
This is his writing.
It says, "Continuing
in this way--"
meaning this little
pattern that he made.
"--each successive proportion
will be the harmonic mean
between the previous proportion
and the total length."
Same kind of thing that
we were doing with a over
b for the Phi ratio.
And all of these proportions
will be musically significant,
1/2 being the octave.
Meaning the length of
this to the length of this
is equivalent proportionately
to the octave.
"2/3 being the fifth, 4/5
being the major third,
8/9 being the major tone, and
16/17 being the half tone."
It's perfect
musical proportions.
So he tried it another way.
And he came down here and
tried another pattern.
And the same thing came out.
He came out with 1/7, 1/4,
2/5, 4/7, 8/11, and 16/19.
And all those were
musical proportions,
that there are musical
notes associated
with those proportions.
And he sort of went, wow.
And I went, really wow.
Because I was seeing the
other side of the whole thing
that was going on there.
So look at this.
Here's the original one.
To find the middle, you
don't have to measure.
Just draw a line from
there to the center.
It will come, come down, and
precisely break this in half
to the middle.
So the middle point
is the octave.
And so then I can automatically
create the rest of the pattern
that he created, but
without any measuring stick.
And in fact, even
the external sphere
is aligned with what happens
in the middle, what happens off
of here.
We have done a lot of research.
And what we believe
now is that you
can draw a line from any
one of these three corners
to any space inside of here.
Say that you pick
that one right there.
You draw a line up to
that one, and then down.
Then make your mess
with your patterns.
You'll come up with all the
musical proportions there are.
Period and end.
All the harmonics
of music that exist,
no matter what scales or types
of skills you want to use,
they will all be there.
And we should be able
to prove this soon,
which will mean that
the harmonics of music
are these proportions that
are located in the simplest
shape in existence,
a tetrahedron.
Even remember we have the
eight notes and the five notes
creating the chromatic scale,
which have 12 divisions in it.
And the divisions along each
one of these sides is 12.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,
7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12.
There's 12 spaces on
each one of these sides.
While I was studying
this and understanding
how sound was a function
of a tetrahedron,
someone sent me a postcard.
It was Janice Dolphin.
She's a good person.
She sent me a postcard,
which happened
to be a polar graph with
reflective surfaces on it,
how light reflects
off of a polar graph.
And I mean, it was right while
I was in the midst of this.
So I was sitting
there going, wow!
Wow!
Wow! oh, thanks
for the postcard.
Wow, wow, wow.
Ah!
[LAUGHTER]
I couldn't believe it.
I mean, it was perfect time.
So this is a polar graph.
And this is how light
reflects off of a polar graph,
with logarithmic spirals.
You can see it happening.
And I was just,
like, overwhelmed.
For me, it was very powerful.
And you can actually see that
the white light is exactly 180.
And right at 90 degrees,
you can see the blackening,
the black light spirals
that come out of it.
And we have seen that
somewhere else before.
The white light coming
out here, 180 degrees off,
the other white
light, and 90 degrees
from that, the black light.
And 180 degrees from that,
the other black light.
Exactly what we're
seeing right here.
You can just look at it.
We have the same energy
fields around us, of course.
You're just looking at it
on a major, major level.
As above, so below.
Everything's the same.
Now, there's another
point I want to make
right now, before I go on.
Coming back to
this one, remember
before when I said
that when you're
looking at this geometries
that the lines that are on here
are not just lines on a page.
But they're spirit
moving through nothing
and that they're maps.
Well, there's another statement
I'd like to make about.
I made it once before.
But I want to kind of make it
come home quicker or harder.
And that is, is that for
every line that's on a page,
it has an experiential
aspect to it.
It's not just arbitrary.
It's not just a move.
Every time the
spirit moves, there
is a corresponding relationship
into the outer world
that is associated with
it in every single case.
There's no exceptions.
There is something
associated with it.
It could mean a rock somewhere.
Or it could describe a star
somewhere or something else.
In this case, we're talking
about harmonics of music.
And so you could
be looking at that.
Or you can be
thinking about this,
which is what this
represents are musical notes.
And they are really
interrelated.
There's really no difference.
This strikes you primarily
into your left brain.
This comes into
your right brain.
If you add right now and
you go, 1 plus 1 is 2,
and 2 plus 2 is 4,
you're functioning
from your left brain.
If you hum and you
go, hmm, you just
switched over to
your right brain.
As long as you don't put any
words or anything into it.
If you're listening
to music without words
it goes to your right brain.
And so what I'd like to do, just
for just a moment, just for one
minute or so is I'm just
going to play some music.
Hopefully it's tuned.
I'm just going to
play this flute.
It's a little Sioux Indian
flute, Lakota Indian flute.
And I'll play just a
little bit of Indian music.
And while I am,
you might realize
that the sounds you are hearing
and the musical significance
of the notes that
you are hearing
is exactly the same
thing up there.
Only there it's
in geometry rather
than what's coming into your
brain through experience.
So let's try this for a moment.
[PLAYING  LAKOTA SIOUX FLUTE]
Same thing.
It just feels different.
It just feels
difficult. That's all.
But one is the same
as the other one.
It's a lot easier to take
this one in, I imagine.
But that's really
the same thing.
If you get this,
then you understand
what sacred geometry is about.
Well, there was a man named--
[LAUGHTER]
He's not over there.
There was a man named
Charles [? Sherburn ?].
And he was a fireman.
And he wanted to
study Noah's Ark.
And so had read in the
Bible that Noah's Ark
was so many qubits one way and
so many qubits another way.
He didn't know for sure
what the qubit was.
There was a lot of
controversy over that.
But he knew that he could
use the same proportion.
So when he did what the Bible
said, it came up with a block.
It looks like that,
which he figured probably
wouldn't float in
water too well.
However, the Noah's
Ark which they
think they have now discovered
on Mount Ararat in Turkey,
does look a lot like a block.
And it's extraordinary, to
have the good fortune of having
the team that went
through there,
found it, went through there,
measured everything and went
to the whole photograph
thing, came back
and showed me all
the blueprints.
It's all sacred
geometry of this thing.
It's incredible.
Every room is in proportion
to the other one.
There's nothing
in it that isn't.
And it has some
extraordinary things
they're not talking about.
One of them, this thing is
about the size of Queen Mary.
And it's got hundreds
and hundreds and hundreds
of rooms in it.
And you would have a problem
if you had a lot of animals
and all kinds of these little
rooms, it would be air.
It would be a big
problem, wouldn't it?
How to get air into
all these rooms.
Because the whole
boat was sealed,
on top and bottom
and everything,
so it couldn't sink under any
kind of conditions, almost.
And what they did
was so ingenious.
And it's just amazing.
They made this
hole in the bottom
of the boat that was a
big room, a big open room.
It's like, almost
as big as this room
here, that exposed itself
to the water underneath.
And it went up into the ship.
And from the top
part of that, there
were these little
channels that went out
to all the various rooms
all over the place.
And when the boat
went up in the water,
it sucked all the air
out of all those rooms.
And when I went
down in the water
it pushed all the air
back into those rooms.
And they calculated that it
would exchange all the air out
of all the rooms
72 times every day.
That's what it was.
Totally remove all the things.
That is pretty good.
That was really pretty good.
Especially for those
hairy barbarians.
[LAUGHTER]
So anyway, I don't know if
that's the Noah's Ark or not.
It is an ancient, ancient
boat found way up high
on a mountaintop.
And so it's hard
to say for sure.
But what he discovered was
something, perhaps different.
He may have been
looking for Noah's Ark.
But he found something
that is interesting.
And I just want to present it.
He said, well, if
it's Noah's Ark,
maybe they meant arc,
like the arc of a circle.
And so he put the proportions
that were set in the Bible
into arcs.
The proportions were
6 to 1, 10 to 1 ratio.
What I mean by that is
if you took this block
and you measured
the height of it
and used that as your measuring
stick and called it 1,
then there would be 10
of them going this way.
And if you took the width
of it and measured it,
there would be 6 of them.
In other words, on
this thing here,
if you were to
measure this, there
would be 6 of those
going down this way.
And if you measured
it this way, there
would be 10 of them
going this way.
So it creates very specific
arcs, by doing this 6 to 1,
10 to 1 ratio.
And it makes a thing
that looks like this.
It looks like a kayak, only
kind of a streamlined kayak.
And here's where the part I
don't know exactly what to do.
I wonder if this
will do it on here.
I'm going to try this and
see if I can do it on here.
This might work on this thing
here, if it doesn't go off.
Maybe it will.
I'll have to see if I can do it.
If at one point you decided
to rotate it like this.
And if you were to rotate
an object like this,
it should do what
you see right there.
It should just rotate.
And if it did anything
else, then there
would have to be
something going on.
It's like if you were to throw
a rock across the room here.
It's shouldn't
just stop and turn
and go sideways or
something, without any force.
But this thing here, if you turn
it clockwise, it will rotate.
But if you try to
turn it clockwise--
and I don't know if this
is going to work on here--
>>Counter clockwise?
Oh.
>>It will stop and turn around.
It won't rotate the other way.
And there were about
two or three teams
of scientists in California
who were studying
this thing for a long time.
And then finally
discovered that it
creates an ever-so-slight
angle coming down here.
The energy is transferred
from one circle to the next
to the next, that causes
us to do this whole thing.
They've pretty much
figured it out.
But there are other things
that have been coming forth
from it, that are even
more deeply intriguing.
First of all, they
have discovered
that the arcs that
are created this way,
there's five arcs here.
I think there's this arc.
There's an arc that goes
this way and an arc that
goes this way.
There's an arc
that goes this way.
And believe it or not, there's
an arc that goes that way.
It's an optical.
It looks like it goes in.
It actually goes like that.
So very long arc,
going like this.
There's five arcs there.
And these arcs, if
I've got them right,
is the arc of the
surface of the moon,
the arc of the
surface of the Earth,
surface of the Sun,
the arc the Moon makes
around the Earth,
and the arc the Earth makes
around the Sun, all in this one
object.
Which is incredible
that should take place.
And then they discovered that
in the way that it turns around,
when it starts doing this
rocking motion like this,
if you were to plot
with a computer,
you would see this
thing doing like this.
It goes-- in this
pattern like this.
And when they've
mapped in any one
of these individual
patterns, they
found it to be absolutely
identical to the motion
that the Earth rocks on itself.
In other words, if you put
a camera into the Southern
Hemisphere, tied it down real
good, use one photographic film
and took a photograph
once a week for a year,
you would get 52 little
dots on this one thing.
And that's what shape
they would be in.
There's a name for this.
The sun appears to move in
the sky over a one-year period
like this.
It appears that way because
the precession of the equinoxes
and the rocking of the Earth.
And the motion that
it turns around
is identical to another cosmic
phenomena, exactly the same.
And then recently,
they've done something
that they really don't
understand about this thing.
He thought well, if
this is Noah's Ark,
then let's test it in water.
And this is the stuff
that's coming out
in the last couple years.
They made these 12, 14-feet
long or so, like this,
and put them in water.
And they discovered something.
First of all, whenever you
have something really, really
primary, like in all your
mathematical sequences,
you only need to
know three numbers.
And you can know
the whole sequence.
Remember I said that?
On the Logarithmic Spiral,
you only need to know two.
You can calculate the
whole spiral from two.
And it's the only
one in existence
that they know of that
you can do that with,
the Golden Mean Spiral.
And every boat that's in
the water has three vectors.
It can move this way, this way.
And it can rock like this.
This only has two.
There's one of those vectors--
I don't know which one it is.
It will not do it.
You can't make it do it.
It just simply won't do it.
And this is the
reports that we got.
And I have eyewitness people
that went out there and watched
all this stuff.
And when they put
the boat in water
and it goes through
water, it does something
no one's ever seen before.
And they can't explain it.
They don't know.
But normally, if there's a
wave like this and the boat's
coming, the wave will
just crash over the boat.
This won't do that.
When this comes in,
the waves come in.
This goes right around the wave.
It does this motion.
So when it's going through
water, it's going like this.
But what's weird
is, is the person
who's in the boat
doesn't see a thing.
They feel that they're
going to have real smooth.
They don't see anything at all.
They feel themselves.
And so the first time someone
did, the people on the outside
were going holy cow.
And the guy calmly got back in.
Well, that was nice.
And he goes, well, you were
going all over the place.
And he goes, no I wasn't.
And so they had to put a video
before they even convinced him.
It was like, see
the thing going on.
Well, the person in there,
they can't believe it, I guess.
So who knows what's going on
and what laws are happening?
This is so unique.
Well, with all this work and
all this stuff, and everybody's
trying to figure out what
this thing is all about,
I had a man come here.
His name was Brad Smith.
And he makes sacred
geometry toys.
If you ever get any of his
toys, man-- he's got a toy--
>>What was his name?
>>Brad Smith.
He's got a cube
that's about this big.
And it opens up and
there's perfectly smoothly
fit in here is all these toys.
And you pull one out.
And the toy unfolds into all
these sacred geometry forms.
It changes color and comes
back and forms other shapes.
He's got a cube that turns
into a perfect sphere
and back into a cube again.
There's all these
different ones.
And then the whole thing,
it's all the information
all in toys.
And the whole thing will
fit back into there.
It's great.
It's an adult toy.
I mean, I spent all
day on this thing.
Couldn't leave.
Wow!
Look at this one.
So he'll have one
of these things.
And you open it up.
And it'll turn into
an icosahedron.
And you turn it in
another way, and it'll
become some other polyhedron.
>>Does he sell those things?
>>He sold the whole process to
Mattel or someone like that.
[DISAPPOINTED GROANS]
And who knows how long it'll
take before it gets out?
It's been several years now.
It's been three or four years,
and it's still not happened.
>>Where?
>>He's in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Anyway, Brad came
to the workshop
and got all excited about this.
Because he knew about
sacred geometry.
But he didn't know about
the Flower of Life,
and how the Flower of
Life tied it all together.
And so he was really
excited about it.
And he went and
he saw this form.
He's really into shape.
And he saw this form.
And he went back.
And he says, well, this is
obviously a sacred shape.
It must be the Flower of Life.
And he found it.
He found the precise
location inside this pattern.
Of course, these look like
these little boats in there.
But that's not
exactly where it is.
But there's a very
precise place.
Here's the hidden
pattern underneath here,
with these broken lines.
And the flower, the
6 to 1, 10 to 1 ratio
is right here, located
in between the petals.
Here's one here and
in between here.
There's a ratio that's
located in between there.
And it describes
the arc perfectly.
And so anyway, now, what Edmund
Scientific has just discovered
is that now,
everybody's studying
these things further
is that they now
have found out that these things
occur naturally in nature.
That nature carves these
things out with river rocks.
That there are rocks
are formed in water
that come out this shape.
Though usually the
ends are worn off more.
But you put these rocks
down, they'll spin one way.
And the other way
they'll rock and come
back around again, without
man even touching a thing.
OK, so now we get
back to the thing
about there being two
one arm 180 degrees off
from the other one.
There's really two spirals
in here and not just one.
So if you plot two
spirals, like nature shows,
180 degrees off, what you'll get
is two equilateral triangles.
Which, of course, are
really two tetrahedrons,
which is a star tetrahedron
inscribed perfectly
in a sphere.
Which as we will see later,
is the mathematical message
of Cydonia on Mars.
And it's also the message
that's been coming up
for the last couple years
on the crop circles.
Precisely, mathematically, it
has been a star tetrahedron
inscribed in a sphere, which
is the key to the Merkaba,
or to the inter-dimensional
time space and the harmonics.
There is a star that will fit
perfectly inside of that one.
And there is a sphere that
will fit perfectly inside
of the original hexagon.
And if you were to take that
one that fits inside of there
and place it on each
one of these points
all the way around
there, what you
would have is the fruit of life.
And so remember that's
one of the sacred forms
that we first showed how by
connecting all the centers
together, we came up with
the sacred shapes that
were the basis of
structure in the reality.
But by not connecting
the centers together
like we did here, but rather
by concentric circles that
are formed off of the
patterns, and by radial lines
that come out from the center
forming the polar graph,
we came up with all
this information
that we had just looked at,
of the relationship of sound
and light, and shape
and things that
were formed through this, the
harmonics of music and sound.
So I could have done it
the other way around.
I could reverse all
the slides and say, OK,
we're starting with
here and now we're
going to go the other way.
But that isn't how I got it.
So that's how I gave it to you.
And so what you've just
seen is another one
of the informational systems,
another way of superimposing
male energy over the female
energy, radio lines coming out.
And of course, I've just
scratched the surface
just a little tiny bit.
I mean, we did not go into
depth of what it means,
of what the harmonics
of sound means
relative to one of these things,
or light or anything else.
We haven't deeply gone into it.
We've just shown
the relationship.
And there probably
are, I believe,
10 other sequences that
are associated with this.
This is my belief.
10 and possibly 11 that
are associated with it.
And I haven't even looked
into those areas either.
Because I'm just looking.
I'm just skimming
along the surface here,
is all we're doing.
>>What does it mean, that boat
that turns one way and not
the other way?
Does it relate to something
about the Merkaba?
>>When you go into
the forest, you'll
see that if there's
a vortex coming out
of the Earth that is
rotating clockwise,
it'll kill everything in it.
You'll go and just walk
through the forest.
And be observant and watch.
And you'll see these spots.
They could be anywhere from
the size of maybe this big,
to usually not much
bigger than this room.
Though there are some.
There's one in California,
called the Mystery Spot.
Anybody seen that one?
That's a big one.
>>Where is it?
>>Two city blocks around.
>>If you've never been there.
I highly recommend you go there.
Highly, highly, highly,
highly recommend you go there.
It's incredible.
>>Where?
>>Well, it's near
San Jose, California.
Santa Cruz.
I'm sorry, Santa
Cruz, California.
Anyway, going
through the forest,
you'll see them
rotating this way.
And it'll kill everything.
If you see them
going the other way,
you'll still see the
distortion in things.
But they'll be real alive.
They'll be super alive.
But if the field
vortex goes clockwise,
everything in it--
all the plant life,
everything else like
that-- will just be barren.
It'll be dead.
There won't be
anything in there.
There won't even be
bugs in there, nothing.
Everything gets
out of that place.
The one in Santa Cruz is
rotating counterclockwise.
And it's slightly
tilted at an angle.
It's coming out of the
Earth so it's like this.
And you can really
study these things.
They are so clear and sharp.
It's like a piece of glass.
It's like a glass wall.
And you go there and
they have a board.
They say, OK, here's the vortex.
It starts right there.
And they're not kidding.
They have this flat
board that's on there.
And they got a level on there.
So you can see that the
board is absolutely flat.
And they'll gladly let
you bring your own level
and put it on there to check
that that board is flat.
It's a little platform.
And the line right
through the middle of it
where the vortex ends, on one
side, you're in the vortex.
In the other side, you're not.
And you can get two
people the same height.
And you get on this.
And the other person
gets on the other side.
And you look at each other.
And the one in the vortex-- I
can't remember which way it is.
But I'll just say-- I think
it's the one in the vortex.
Which was is it?
I think the one in the vortex,
you looked at the person.
And they appear to be somewhere
between four and six inches
taller.
I mean, you go like that.
And then you switch around.
You turn around.
And all of a sudden, you're
looking down at this guy.
And it's incredible.
And you can do it all you want.
And you check this little thing.
And you get back on it.
And you're only just,
like, a foot apart.
And yet, you really do
appear to be a lot smaller.
You appear to be
bigger and looking down
at the other person.
And when you go
in there, you can
see all these trees,
just twisted around,
growing in these big spirals.
Everything in there.
And they got rooms in there
where you roll a ball,
and it goes uphill.
There's all this weird
stuff inside these things.
Because it's a distortion of the
magnetic fields and everything
that's going on inside.
It's a pretty interesting place.
Yeah?
>>In terms of
spinning the energy
fields clockwise and
counterclockwise,
what is the relationship
to what you've just said,
in the forest?
>>Well, if you spin the
energy fields clockwise--
if you spin them
counterclockwise-- no, let's
put it this way.
It isn't which way
you're spinning.
It's that you've got two fields.
You've got one going this
way and one going this way.
What life has found
is the one that's
going that way has
to be spinning faster
than the one spinning this way.
And it needs to be spinning
Fibonacci ratio faster.
So you can't have
them equal speed.
That is one that you
can do, is equal speed.
And that won't do anything.
But usually what life does,
is if this one's going 21,
then this one's
going to be going 34.
This one's going 3.
And this one's going
to have to go 5.
And if you do that, then that's
a ratio that life has found
works.
And life thrives
in that situation.
It just thrives in it.
And if you do that, you get
those kind of fields growing
around, where there's
plants and things like that,
they just go crazy.
They love it.
But if you reverse
it going around,
if you increase the
speed of this one--
see the difference is--
just so you get this clear--
say this one's
going 21 this way.
And this one's
going 34 that way.
The difference is 13.
So even though you've got
two fields going like this,
the difference is 13.
And so you have this
overall slow rotational
field of the entire structure
going counterclockwise.
This is the reason why
all the planets, which
all have these Merkabas
rotating around them--
with the exception of
one that they think
has been hit by another planet--
all the planets are rotating
counterclockwise.
Because the Merkaba is
rotating over speed.
That planet that's rotating
the other way on there,
I'll betcha when they
get to it, they're
not going to find any
life on that planet.
It's going to be a
super, super dead planet.
>>Does that mean
that you shouldn't
spin a single field clockwise?
>>If you did, and if
you spun a single field
clockwise for very long, you
would start getting very sick.
And you would die.
I'll just quickly
tell you what happened
the first time-- I talked
about this to somebody here.
But I don't think I talked
about this to the group.
Just to you, right?
There's an advance workshop
on this, which I'm not
allowed to give right now.
I gave it three times.
And maybe I'll be able
to give it in the future.
And it's how to join groups
together in a Merkaba.
And I had a group in
Colorado, about 20 people.
And we were sitting there.
And it was the very first
time I'd ever done it.
And so I was learning.
And it's very complex patterns.
You're not using
just this one here.
You're using a series of
other geometrical patterns
that are out around the body.
And you're spitting
some of them one way,
and some of them the other
way, and some one way.
And the overall speeds is
what creates the pattern.
And they have to be phase
locked and all the stuff
you have to do with them
to get this pattern going.
And so I got the start by
creating the original Merkaba
that we learned here.
So we all did that.
We created that one.
Then we created one for the
group, which was down there.
And then I had to switch to a
different geometrical shape,
which was to go this way.
And I did that.
And I got it going this way.
So I had the overall effect
of the Merkaba of the group
rotating clockwise.
And they told me when I did
this that you have to do that.
But do it real quickly
and get into the next one.
So that even though you go
counterclockwise for a moment,
you just stay there for a
moment and immediately switch
to the other one.
Well, when I created the one
going this way for a moment,
I forgot how to do it.
I couldn't remember
the exact speed.
And it's a little complicated.
And I couldn't remember
exactly how to do it.
So I was sitting there
going, ah, let's see--
and in that little
ah, let's see,
we were sitting in a clear
blue sky with everything
was absolutely calm outside.
And the wind took up.
And it started going, a
counterclockwise wind.
And it started going faster.
And in about the
30 seconds which
it took for me to
do that, it went
from totally calm to
the trees were bent
over like this,
ready to break off,
and garbage cancer were
flying through the air
and everything else like that.
And everybody in the rooms,
their eyes are about this big.
With my eyes about that big.
Let's see how you do this.
[LAUGHTER]
And I finally go, OK,
OK, OK, OK, I got it.
I got it.
Let's do it.
And we told them what to do.
And we all went phew!
And we got this
thing going this way.
And instantly, all
the trees went whew!
Just like that.
And I really learned
an incredible lesson.
And one of the scientists
I was with saw that.
And he goes, wow.
And so he went back to his
lab and set up electronically,
using a holographic sound, the
fields that we had created,
and got to that stage
where we had done it at.
And he just left it going
to see what would happen.
And on an absolute
clear day in Colorado,
with no clouds or anything,
within a few minutes,
a black funnel that you
couldn't even see through
formed about a mile above it and
came right down to the thing.
You could stand outside
and see this huge thing
coming right down to it,
right down to a thing.
We obviously turned
this baby off.
But life cannot live.
It's the destructive force.
It's the force that destroys us.
>>Is that like [INAUDIBLE]?
>>She says, so a
clock goes clockwise.
So it's like, dying.
That's very good.
I don't know.
It's much more complex
than that though.
Because you see, when a physical
object is rotating clockwise,
the energy lines are
going counterclockwise.
And so when you start really
thinking about all this stuff,
it's like rubbing your hand
and patting your belly.
It's more complex.
Yeah?
>>With the Sufi
dervishes, I mean,
I've watched them on stage.
They all seem to be
spinning the same speed.
And I've heard them say
how to do it and tried it.
And you're trying to spin
out of 3D, evidently.
But they don't give you
a whole lot of details.
What actually is going on?
>>Well, you're talking about
the Mevlana Foundation,
of Reshad Feild's?
Is this what you're
talking about?
>>Yeah.
Well no, not necessarily Reshad.
>>But you saw this
in the United States?
>>Yes, I saw them performing
in the United States.
And I forget what
we tried it with.
>>Well, I believe that they
are moving counterclockwise.
Because they're duplicating
the motion of the planets.
Isn't this what they're doing?
>>The only part I
could remember is
you have to keep
your one arm up.
>>Yeah.
What they do, is
they're watching
their hand as they're moving,
so they don't get dizzy.
>>Yeah, you're
watching your hand.
And you do get this
sense of going up.
>>It's a very, very
powerful, powerful thing just
to watch it, just to be
in the experience of it.
But even thought I was
friends with Reshad for awhile
and all that stuff--
I've sat right in here
and watched them do
this-- I've never done it.
So I can't tell you
what the experience is.
>>But are they?
>>I don't believe that they
truly understand the Merkaba.
I think that what
they are doing is
trying to replicate or
duplicate planetary motion
and cosmic motions, which
are Merkaba in nature.
But I don't think
that they truly
understand the hidden nature
behind what they're doing.
Though I may be wrong.
But I don't think so.
Because I know a
lot of those people.
And they're not taught
any of that stuff.
>>But they also
don't talk about it.
I mean, it's only taught by
very high dervishes, evidently.
>>Well, maybe so.
But I don't think so.
>>Somethings [INAUDIBLE].
>>No, I understand
what you're saying.
But I mean, it's
just my opinion.
I don't think that
they know about that.
I don't think
anybody in the world
knows about it, with the
exception of one group.
And that's the Tibetans.
And they won't talk
about hardly at all.
They're the only
ones that have been
able to truly demonstrate it.
Though the American Indians
are almost aware of it.
When you're ask them about it,
they can remember pieces of it.
They did have memory at one
point, like the Mayans also.
They call this little hole
up here the air window.
They have an American-Indian
name for the breathing
through the top of the head.
>>I'm sorry, weren't
the Native Americans
trying to do that
in the Ghost Dance,
so they would disappear
from the whites?
>>Could be.
I don't know.
I don't what that's about.
>>Because you know,
they were supposed
to be impervious to the bullets.
And they were going to join all
those who had already gone on.
And they were supposed to
pass into another dimension.
>>Well, there's a lot to that.
And that I do know from direct
experience, that that's real.
But I don't know what they were
doing because I wasn't there,
or what they were
attempting to do.
But in that same group
that we were working with,
what I was just talking
about, we had taken a tape.
I told her about this too.
We had taken a cassette tape
and programmed the speed ratios
in holographic sound,
which would take us
to the threshold
of this experience,
and then take us right to the
edge, where we could begin
to experience the interface.
That's what this tape had done.
We knew what was on the tape.
And so that was to
make sure that we
didn't go any further or
anything else like that.
And we put the tape in.
And we all did this experience.
That mistake thing I did was
one of the practice runs.
But at one point, we
had all got ready.
And we knew what we were doing.
We put this tape in.
And we were going
to take this up
to the threshold, where we
could look around a little bit
and see what some
of the stuff was.
Only God had a different idea.
And I still don't know what
the whole thing was about it.
It started going up
to the cycles though.
And it gets very,
very high cycles.
And the spinning ratio is
just going, (INCREASING PITCH)
way, wah, wah, wah, wah, wah!
And it got up to this one
where we were supposed to stop.
The tape kept going (HIGH
PITCH) wah, wah, wah, wah, wah.
It kept going higher and
higher and higher and higher.
And I looked over
at this other guy.
And he looked at me.
And we were all going, holy cow!
What's going on?
It's not even on the tape.
You know?
And finally, we realized we
were being taken somewhere.
We didn't have any choice.
It was just taking us somewhere.
And so we all just held on.
And I was just wondering
where we were going.
You know?
And pretty soon, we
popped out into this kind
of a white foggy place.
And there were all these Anasazi
Indians there, lots of them.
And they came right
up to our group.
And the group all could
talk about this later.
They said, who are you?
And we said, who are you?
And we were right
near Mesa Verde,
when we were doing this, which
is where the Anasazis were.
And I didn't know who they were.
And they said that
they were the Anasazi.
And they looked at us.
They said that we were
the first white men that
had ever been in this place.
And at first they
were real protective
and they were asking
us a bunch of things.
And there's something
I can't tell
you having to do with a crystal
he was holding in his hand.
But I knew what the crystal was.
And when I looked at the
crystal and I say it,
and I knew what it was, I
told him what the crystal was.
And when I told him
what the crystal was,
he just-- this was the
leader-- completely relaxed.
And he said, oh, OK.
Well, in that case-- and
became really friendly.
Gave us a name, gave
us a tribal name
and told us if we ever
wanted to come back, fine.
Come on back.
The Anasazis are alive.
And they've found
another parallel world
on the Earth to exist in.
And they're doing just fine
there, pretty much alone
by themselves.
And so what you're
saying in terms
of what they were
attempting to do
was something that their
brothers had already done.
So they knew that
this was possible.
Yeah?
>>OK, are you familiar
with the Pleiadians?
>>Who?
Are you talking about
Billy Meier's work?
[INAUDIBLE]?
>>The other book, that is
called "Bringers of the Dawn."
And it recommend--
>>Is this Billy Meier's work?
Does anybody know?
>>No.
No.
>>Barbara Marciniak.
>>OK.
Well, let me just say one
thing before you even begin.
The Pleiades is
a very big place.
It's huge and enormous.
We're talking about in terms of
polarity consciousness, right?
Not in terms of
unity consciousness
above all of that, they
are very, very beautiful
positive people there.
There are very
negative people there.
And there are
neutral people there.
And there are also people
that are both ways.
So some people, they
say, like, the Pleiades,
that's like saying, are you
familiar with the Earth?
I mean, it could be anywhere.
So I don't know where this
person is referring to.
>>OK, because I
have an experience.
They recommend to do spinning.
And at the beginning, I did
counterclockwise spinning.
And I was able to 99 easily.
And after that, I realized
when I read the book, that it
was supposed to be clockwise.
And now I start to
do the clockwise.
But when I was
doing the clockwise,
it was very difficult. And I
wonder if it's related to this.
>>Well, I'll tell you.
The Pleiades is an
interesting place.
The Pleiades is the solar
plexus of the galaxy.
And it's where most
of the universities
and school and higher
learning takes place.
And you need to pass
through that place
in order to get from
one place to another.
Usually.
It's not necessary.
But usually.
And most of the Pleiadians
that are associated
with the teaching
aspect of things
there are really beautiful,
super fourth-dimensional,
beautiful, beautiful people.
But there are some
there that-- you
see, when the Lucifer
Rebellion happened,
like, most people
just watched it.
But there were some that
chose the light and some
that chose the dark.
And then there
were these groups--
a few-- that would play either
side, depending on what they
felt would be best for balance.
And for example, the
Billy Meiers people,
who are from Pleiadians,
and the information
that they're releasing
there, these guys
are working with the dark side.
Though none would admit it.
And it's very, very subtle.
Even Billy Meiers, himself, is
not aware of what's going on.
He's not aware.
He's coming from pure
heart and pure intentions.
But they're using him.
And what they're
doing is they're
giving huge amounts
of information that
is accurate with little
tiny things in there
which I would call like, a
virus for a computer, which
is designed to break
apart unity on the planet.
Because they also agree with
the Grays, in terms of it
would be best to replace
us with another race.
So I don't know
what she's doing.
But if anyone is
teaching a Merkaba that
rotates clockwise--
I'm not saying
that you shouldn't do it.
Because that's up to
you in your heart.
I can't tell you
what you should do.
But I know from
direct experience
that that will, for most life
on this place, it'll kill it.
>>It is being taught.
>>Well, we'll see how long
the school stays around.
[LAUGHTER]
>>Pay your tuition up front.
>>Yeah?
>>I wanted to ask
about the Indians,
because you were talking
about that experience.
Now, from what you're saying is
they're existing on, probably,
an overtone higher than the
third dimension, not quite
the fourth.
But they're existing
in a world that
is in one of the overtones?
>>Yeah.
What the Indians
have found, it's
a certain area that
is generally held
for things like tree
spirits and things
that we call elves and
real simple spirits,
they've found how to live
peacefully in those areas.
They're kind of
about the fourth,
fifth, and sixth overtone
in the fourth dimension,
is where they are.
>>Fourth dimension.
>>They're in the
fourth dimension, yes.
They're underneath
the angelic realms,
underneath the
[INAUDIBLE] realms.
And once you're in
one of those worlds,
it's just as vast as this one.
And OK, one more question.
>>As you probably know,
the Native American people
in their ceremony and their Sun
dance, everything is clockwise.
Except for--
>>They move clockwise,
that's right.
But that's a physical rotation.
Let me ask you one thing.
Are they physically--
>>It's a physical.
>>You're physically moving?
>>Yes.
>>You're rotating like this?
>>Uh-huh.
>>OK, that's different.
That's OK.
>>Oh, [INAUDIBLE] to
spin the field clockwise.
[INAUDIBLE]
>>Well, if you're spinning
the field clockwise,
that will do you in.
If you're physically rotating
clockwise or like the American
Indians move around
the sweat lodges,
physically move-- look at this.
If you've got a hose
of water, right?
And you want to create a field
that moves counterclockwise,
which way do you have to rotate?
You have to physically
move clockwise
to create a field that
rotates counterclockwise.
So I didn't understand
what you were saying.
So what she's teaching is OK.
And what we're talking
here is the body,
the physical aspect
is staying still.
And we're creating the field
that rotates counterclockwise.
So that's what I
was trying to say.
It's tricky to understand.
Yeah, I thought you
meant they were creating
fields that went clockwise.
>>At every octave, isn't
there a change of the spin?
>>You mean, past the great wall?
>>No, like on the
physical level is OK.
When you change to the next--
>>Well, that may be true.
>>Like when you're
coming from heart,
it would be going different--
>>My instructions
are only for here,
how to get from here
to the other one.
When you go up to
different levels,
there may be reversals
in spins and things.
I don't have that information.
So I can't help you on that.
Now, all these questions
you guys have-- I'm
here to teach one subject--
but all of this information
can be taken out into
any subject whatsoever.
No matter what it is that you
are interested in, no matter
what you want to
do, you can take
what you're learning
here in sacred geometry
and apply to it.
And all knowledge
available is open.
All possibilities
can be opened to you.
Everything that
you ever could ever
want to know about any
subject whatsoever,
both positive and
negative sides of it.
And so all you've
got to do is just
start applying it into
your lives and take it out.
Once you start working with
it, you see how easy it is.
And this is what the
Pleiadian schools do.
They teach you all
this stuff first,
how it relates to everything.